you arranged x 1080 hd I hope you
go well we end up for a
little video story to announce you
that the first update of the
transfers a safe place fifa 15
the winter update that not all
transfers that were made in
this update is just the
first part the link is in
the bottom industry because there are some
players I have not found yet
people who are not his market
especially some money players so
one to podolski in his version in
ending which is now low so the
player who was arsenal who signed the
side of inter Milan
david villa in mls version in the club
from new york city he was in australia
so he's going back in mls on
accomplishes complex kevin complicated seen ne
do not know how it is pronounced but
always is he that he is in good version
also in dortmund now correa
I saw his stats I knew
really not about the game that is
now in version atletico madrid
it has stats of madness and it can bah
not bad for liga bbva noboa
which is now not in
case each series that is in version 1
finishing him too so I think it
risk being the most expensive player of
this transfer update
currently may be good yves
bony here it is iced barclays
first league
wilfried bony in manchester city version
which can be interesting in some
hybrid with with yaya touré now
since there is strong connection and dislike
southampton is linked to activity in
right in the game now it's
spent in middle left back to his
original post usually in the
numbers he is left
he started the season right
now it's in mg so that's when
even not bad practice nast act
schalk version a player who risk
to be low cost it can be not bad
not bad for courses of
cheap liga bunds and it stays a
very very good defender in the game me
does it be in black gold
Thank you for the perfect link
enter
the el shaarawy and cerci risk being
really very interesting too for
hybrids huge stats I have not
still tested this year on six occasions
but the fact that he's back for
the series to that may not be so
wrong
zarate qpr version is not much
that changes in for him has by his club
perez version valence sells saint-jean de
benfica which is so low in its version
valencia simply by it risk
to be very interesting for small
hybrid debate a link a link with messi
precisely i have to say a strong link nano
because they are worthless to the club but
you understood me that can make a
middle runner really very
interesting for liga bbva costa
Genoese version is good generals has
said jim desisted the fault geno who
no longer in mls he's back from the
side of sunderland is shaped fernando
torres version atletico madrid ago
still some players that I do not have
found but do not worry you
just have to click in the description
there is the link to see all the players
these developments will come in hd
I hope this little video as a
of information call you this video
table he'll put a blue thumb a
dropped 1 comment for thalys this
video was brought to your family at all the
world
see you tomorrow 15 hours for the
video presentation of the team I you
tell the next people take care
from you ciao